hey everybody it's out on room PGA
professional here at globalgolf.com and
today I've got the Nike Vapor Pro combo
irons these are great looking iron for
the everyday player I'll tell you a
little bit about them you're going to
notice in the address position that
they're going to set up a really good in
fact these short irons are going to have
hardly any offset at all in the long
irons are going to have a very minimal
offset you're also going to notice on
the sole that it's it's got a
progressive sole throughout the set so
very minimalistic on the short irons it
gets progressively wider through the
long irons but still very very very
moderate I would say you know long irons
are also going to have a slightly
beveled leading edge what that leading
edge is going to do it's going to create
superior interaction with the turf it's
going to provide forgiveness for you
going through the ball at impact looking
into the technology of this club a
little bit you're going to notice in
these pro combo irons they are Forge so
they're going to feel great the long
irons actually have the resin cavity
what that resin cavity does is going to
provide some extra stability especially
on those off centre hits and it's going
to transfer that energy back into the
golf ball you're going to have a little
bit more forgiveness and that feedback
is going to be improved slightly as well
it's going to have a nice feel in those
long irons now that short iron it's that
traditional muscle cavity what that's
going to do it's going to create super
super control for all the shot making
shots and that precision you're looking
for out of the short irons well there
you go that's the Nike Vapor Pro combo
iron I hope you learned a little
something if you'd like to learn a
little more you should visit our blog
I've blogged that globalgolf.com or you
can learn anything in the game of golf
for myself and other pga professionals
and even you should stay connected with
us so if you want access to some crazy
exclusive deals that we offer should
follow us on social media so go ahead
and like us on facebook and follow us on
twitter